Our task is to kill pig/pigs which is/are protected by a structure composed of different building blocks.  
The structure can be destroyed by shooting the angry birds on it. 
Our task is to maximise the score which can be obtained by using fewer birds and destroying more objects (including pigs). 
This can be done by hitting the appropriate portion of the structure.
One approach to solve a game is to analyse its structure. A qualitative spatial reasoning approach can be used for this task. 
Rectangle Algebra (RA) which is an extension of Interval Algebra (IA) can be used to develop relations between the structures.
Both are similar except that in Rectangle Algebra the basic objects are rectangles. However the basic object in IA is line.
Our primary aim is that the pigs should be reachable from the birds directly or indirectly.
A bird hitting an object O of a structure is reachable to the pigs if the object O directly or indirectly supports or shelters the pig. 
Hence what we need is to find the supporting and sheltering structures of a pig. 
In other words, we need to separate the supporting structure of the pig from the entire structure which is often very large. 
The direct supported of the pig can be found by making a rule using RA relations. 
Using the rule, we can further get the supporters of the supporters.
This way we can collect all direct and indirect supporters of the pig. 
Similarly, a direct or an indirect sheltering structure can be found. 
A sheltering structure consists of closest objects of a pig that can protect a pig from a direct hit. 
Specifically, an immediate sheltering structure contains its left, right and roof sheltering objects.
Now, to estimate the best hit a score is assigned to objects which are directly reachable to the angry bird. 
The scoring method is defined as:
1 point is added if the affected objects belongs to a supporting or a sheltering structure of a pig.
10 points added if the affected object is itself a pig.
In this way a score is assigned to directly reachable objects to the angry bird and the one with maximum score would be the target.
